Abraham, stole from me the
you
I haveWhen they
are
они
forty
I
From
No
And
Are
Well
Going on and I'm again leaving now from
Your document
Continuing for the pages
And on page seven
Are you satisfied
You were never instructed by the secretary
Bring about a combination of these years
Starting off the page and we're talking about this incident in the October 20th now up at the Fort Monmouth
When Lieutenant Corps done a lot of these
Then that he did not see why I was up there over coal-sangers
I've pointed out to him that I had discovered that coal had both the capacity
The message into the chains the Sunnader's plan
to terminate the investigation
And give his finding to the artist and the influence over Senator McCartney to throw all the investigation indefinitely
if you wish
That and doesn't that isn't that and
Admission or a confession that at least you wanted these
Investigations
Terminated artists and venues it is not an estimation and it was not a confession the other customers
On both the 13th and the 14th of October while Mr. Stephen was in New York
visiting with the Senate of the Lieutenant of McCartney and watching the investigative hearing
Senator McCartney volunteers the information to Mr. Stephen that
He felt that the committee has largely completed its investigation and it insipiates he would concern
He was ready about ready to transfer his records
Transcripts and information to the Army so that the Army could continue the investigation
During the balance of that week for the 15th of October
of like
14 15 and 15th of October I heard nothing from Mr. Cohn or from Mr. Cohn or from Senator McCartney to indicate that there was any change in
Senator McCartney's plan the one which he had fallen here is the secretary twice on the 13th and on the 14th
The following week was to the day which was the day that entered and occurred I was
Operating under the illusion or the assumption the Senate of McCartney had concluded that he was largely through with the investigation and plans to turn it back to the Army
And it was based upon that assumption that I made those remarks
So you walked the senator's to do that the conclusion hearings and turning back to the Army
Now I have the question again. I say to you desire that Senator McCartney and his aide
Consumed our terminate their dreams and turn that work back to the Army
I expected that that's what they were going to do. I'll have a message in your desires about it
Well, I don't think I felt strongly one way or another but as long as that was the program I
Was getting ready to help my staff and talk to the next story people to follow fast program
If it was going to be put in effect you're right
Clearly as it was a matter of indifference to you whether the senator and his aide
Considered his in your investigation of the verses in the Army. That's where I can get her as I have stated congressional investigations
In integral part of me of my operation and there are always two three one or four investigations of some sort before one or another
Kennedy with which we're absorbed
The fact that this one was going on was just
Something obviously the work is
The rather you realize the enough that you have not answered my question
I didn't realize a certain place the question again
The question is, is writing your answer to the previous question is that it was a matter of indifference to you
That's the whether or not senator McCartney and his aide
Continues our terminate their investigations of the verses in the Army. That's what I'm saying directly. I think that's correct
That is the answer
I'm so you say that when this outburst occurred on the parts of the school
So the army
Report monies on the 20th of October
This outburst to this organization of millions of men as described for the secretary
And this blue planet is aimed to use
You're the second up to the second highest officer in the Army are you not the president? I would suspect them about the 30 seconds
That's the 30 seconds very well. That's still pretty high up on the
Only ended the end is not very high this young man named you
This blue planet is not the you
I just found for the army why you have said over this outburst on the part of the
And you say you pointed out to him then
That you discovered that mr. Cohn has the capacity
So let's get the incident change the senator's plans to terminate the investigation and give the findings back to the army
And further that he has sufficient influence over senator McCartney
For long the investigation indefinitely you make both statements
And yet you say that that investigation was a matter of uttering difference to you. Well, I
I think that better
Qualify the answer to whether it was a letter in different professionally
It was a it was a matter of worth as far as I was concerned
I was beginning to get uneasy about that time
About the headlines then how they compared to what was going on in the executive session
but
I had not yet reached the point where I was making over
Or over plans plans for over at to accomplish and end of the area in any manner was
Well, make whoever make over to act to accomplish the end of the area
You say to me that it's okay. No, I said to say you I never read that point
I made over to act if we're in any way in proper
What if you ever make any over to act with the idea mind of bringing you here?
none
Now I read you further
Mr. Adams from your
testimony
on page 25 19 of the record
as follows
Holmes distress calls me in turn to be the threat
Our folks me out of cone jane
And then he didn't understand why I got got so upset about a matter of this order because he said
This man is an employee of this image
He is not a senator
He didn't see why it should be upset about that
I responded that I have found out already that Mr. Cohn had the capacity
to control what happened to the committee
And that he has the capacity to spread hearing wrong and terminably
Our attorney mob is he killed
And that I was not happy about having cone angrily
Have I let you testimony correct?
And then I refer you to your statement on page 15
He gave us reasons that it would appear to be a deal with Mr. Cohn
And with the damaging to the subcommittees festivities
These were the main reasons call the fancy me shortly before
Have I read that?
When in one
In
You say that the reason was that it was the damaging to the prestige
Of the subcommittee and in the others
That you have the subversive
That Mr. Cohn has the capacity to continue these investigations in depth
You consider that there be any discrepancy in those statements as well
You said that in one instance I said
That it would be damaging to the prestige of the subcommittee
I did not say that I was told
You were told that?
Yes
About whom?
I send him to my target
Send him to my target
Now further reading on page 7
And further question to you about tourism is this news?
Is that his use or disemitting?
I believe you stated that I said this much in on the 20th of the fourth month
The Secretary of the Army is the head of the Army
In the presence of 25 people
Apologize to Mr. Cohn
We're not allowing him to go in the district lab resources
Is that right?
Yes
The stratum did they not do that as you were interested
No, there I was surprised
I mean it is
You were surprised
I was at the other end of a large square table
And I think Colonel Blue was sitting beside me
And Mr. Cohn has the table
I had told him and Blue had told him also how English home was
But
I think of 1520 or half 30 minutes
At the last sequence of the time I last talked to him during which time there had been lunch
And the conclusion of lunch and there had been short remarks made by
Senator McCarthy and by
I think by the Congressman and the Senator over there
And as I recall this is the sequence of making the concluding remarks
And as he concluded he made this remarks
That was a very gracious and generous sort of apology to me
But seems as a surprise to you Mr. Cohn
I had not expected
And of course that was the cause
Nothing has gone on before
That was called for an apology in Europe
Well I think that I've been Mr. Cohn
I would have found the time to take you home before I left the
Before I left in that day I was telling that I was fired
But the thing came out that way
I did not expect Mr. Cohn to do publicly
I was much more than a very nice and gracious thing to do with my opinion
Mr. Cohn has done nothing
Which called for an apology
In making a decision that only
Certain cases would go into that laboratory
All right
Now we start off with the major premise of Mr. Cohn that does nothing to call for an apology
That's right, Jimmy
Not in my opinion he had
But he did apologize
Yes sir
Very gracious
Then Mr. Adams
If he had done nothing to call for an apology
But did apologize so that your man who obviously was angry
Wasn't it for the purpose of appeasing
Mr. Cohn
The members of his staff
Well you're asking me what Mr. Cohn's purpose was
He was here for many days and he talked to you
In my opinion it was the sort of thing that any government official would do
If an incident occurred involving
Conversion of the employees when he was a participant in the incident and where he made himself
With some decision that his has called the incident
I don't think there were any appeasements
We were in business with this committee
We expected to continue in business in business later
And insofar as I can recall there had never been a time during my employment in the Pentagon
When it hasn't been expanded back to the chance to maintain
Pleasant relationship with congressional committee and their best
That isn't easy
That's living with people
All right
On the 9th beat you had prepared an investment for the center make it your turn
Yes sir I had
And the effect of that was Mr. Adams
That there was
Nothing to worry about as far as
They say
I think it's been ready to direct this why don't we look at it
But the patterns I'll be having to do with
The question either perhaps this was more available than you and the meeting
I have a right here
Do you want to read it in?
You prepared it
I just said yes
I have an excuse
The post statement
I can reply to this
This is the committee's existence number 8
Very well
The post statement to be delivered at Fort Monmouth
Drasted on the 19th of October
I have been very favorably impressed by all that I have seen today at Fort Monmouth
And also have been very impressed by the aggressive steps being taken both here
As opposed by General Law and the Post Commander
And by Secretary of the Army, Steven Dundewocking to improve security measures at Fort Monmouth
And do also take the course
The fact of President Adams' deputy has developed with respect to security violations
And some certain of Fort Monmouth have all been brought to the attention of the Secretary of the Army
And the transcripts of all executive sessions have now been submitted to the Army for evaluation and study
In connection with the various security cases now being processed by the Army
Traditionally, I am sent to submit the transcripts of the hearings to the Department of Justice
And the Federal Bureau of Investigation for the termination as to whether the Treasury has been submitted
By certain licences who have sent clear material information from the canate
And also to assist the FBI and President investigations of individuals whose names were brought to the same canate
I have every confidence that Secretary Steven Dundewocking will move immediately and effectively to continue the investigation already undertaken by the Secretary
I have a sure Secretary Steven that the Secretary is available to assist the Army however needed in standing out some versioned elements in the Army
And that is the supreme power by which the Congress and Committee can determine facts from reluctant witnesses
For ex employees, but which is not ordinary available to the head of the department, is available to the Army from this committee on the Army's request
Provided the Army and how they difficultly can its investigation of the versions and need help
I know that there are many thousands of competent, capable and complete of all Americans in the employable signal car has worked on
To these many people I can only say that I am proud of the citizen and as a senator of the words that they are doing
The fact that it's small group, that's better very small group
A very small fraction of one percent of all these employees have passed records of political beliefs and associations of the types to render them perfect
There's no reflection on any other faithful employees
Loyal employees know that they are loyal and they should have no concern
equally those who refuse with record are not acceptable have reasons to know for their
Know the reasons for their predicament
They are the few that apples who are painting the barrel
I believe that our recent hearing has brought their names out and that's from here forward the Army should be able to finish the job we have to
There are still some witnesses on the subcommittee and they will be heard later this week in New York in a legislative session
Following both hearing get it our presence planned to hold open hearing down the same subject
Probably in New York
Happy hearing those individuals who passed record or perform and that's that that you have cast
But the bad right over Fort Monmouth will have an opportunity to defend themselves
Those who are unable especially to do so of course will be branded for all the citizens
That's not all I'm prepared
Now you want me to sign that statement
I don't want to sign it I thought you might issue this for a moment
I will ask you prepare it for that purpose
Yes, I need that very statement you and her having him say
That he is now turning back to the army is in investigation of for a fort moth. That's correct
That's correct
All right
The defenders are inside of it. He does not have this statement. No, sir
I want to issue the place. No, sir. I want to restate so you serve in the context of the consideration of listening around
For only five days previously
The party had states that that was it
And that was the thing that motivated me to prepare
And I
My
If it wasn't you
But I like when I can when I'm going someplace
To be fair and spend
Immigated that he wanted that he was willing
In the
You
To
Different
I
Didn't hear the last time you realize those statements are really the
Few are just none of this
About to the place and the first was that I say wasn't
At fort moth. Yes, they used to say that it was a matter of indifference to you and this other you
So whether or not the Secretary confused his investigation of for moth
Well perhaps
The word a matter of indifference was not the word I should have used
In different
Not correct of course I had an assignment and investigation and as long as it continued I had the work
Professionally
It was in the final which might continue another week or another month and as far as that I was concerned professionally
It would be to this investigation or another investigation. I prepared this press release with the thought of the Secretary of the Secretary of the Secretary my promulgated
He did not promulgate it. I made no fuss over it
I didn't even
Diapainfully it's just one of the things that was suggested was not
You followed him into the men's room. Well, is it he? No sir? Not with it. No, we have a
Congress in there
All the Senator go in and this comb go with him going with the comers mad you and in my I just and you went in there for the purpose
I've counter balancing any influence you thought Mr. Cohn was in the House of Democratic and was the idea in mind of his releasing
This statement to the White House is about to go on right make a little consultation
This what you mean is nearly the truth
No, sorry. I think so that I will not be crossing them into later on statements I made now
Which might the assumption might be an act with me. I correct something with you a statement
This exhibit number eight
Was the draft I prepared on the 19th and fifths in its comb
As I recall he sent me back every day
Which is your subcommittee exhibit number
Probably subcommittee a bit of number 10
We took on to the airplane with it I
Think both versions I'm not sure whether we just both number eight and number 10 on the aircraft
But the matter with the trust a little bit on the aircraft and a revision
Which is your exhibit number 11 was miniatrath that fort munless after having been substantially agreed to by senator McCarthy on the airplane
Incipised I can now remember so the matter that we were discussing is not a good at number eight sure
That's the thing I wanted to correct but a statement which the senator had indicated
When we arrived at fort munless that he was probably homing a day
So that I am incorrect now mr. Adam. Let's get it straight. I'm incorrect
When I ask you are soon that the purpose of your following senator McCarthy and mr.
Into the men's restroom was for the purpose of counter balancing mr.
In front of the center and getting the senator to Zana greets you that press release
Well, I don't think that I was going when I follow the moon there
I don't think it was for the pre-sites and the epic purpose
There's men ordinarily go
Why did you go in there mr. Adam
Not for the reasons the ground seems to think well
All right now we've eliminated one reason
Now
Specifically why did you get up from the luncheon table and follow senator McCarthy and Roy Cohn in the
Men's room. I don't know any other
Cohn
Very very
The last hour or so as a result of this laboratory situation and
Inspired I knew at that time that of a McCarthy was prepared to release a statement that was
on
And I knew that Cohn followed in the McCarthy out of the room
And I knew he was angry with me. I hope that I would get an opportunity to talk to him
McCarthy and perhaps in the presence of both of them accomplish a little
Playkating or conciliating. I didn't know what I would accomplish. Yeah, and I didn't accomplish anything
Then it was for the purpose of playkating and conciliating the senator and mr. Cohn
Well, mr. Cohn wasn't a senator, but I I wanted the senator to be aware of
The situation that existed and so it can't be in my own small way to apologize to the development of the incidents and
Say if I could say that it didn't do anything to ruffle about appears to be the plan of the morning
I we've been what it is and you win even for the purpose of you have just now expressed on the witness
I have the idea
I'm a there now to receive you from your testimony on page 257 of the time script. Oh, yes today
And at the bottom of the page
Mr.
Some time hearing the course of the luncheon senator McCarthy left the dining room for a moment and mr. Cohn followed him
I
Have a feeling that this would be the time that the best release would be killed
And I followed him also
Have I read that directly? Yes
Now how do you reconcile that statement that you had a feeling of the press release that you feel
With your other statements that your only purpose is going in there
Was not to discuss no it's not for the press release in mind the price
I didn't mean to say that my only purpose in going in there was not the
Presteration mind you have it in mind when you went in there. I'm quite sure that I did right sure the video
Then you were motivated. I was motivated by the fact that I felt the trouble might develop from a little visit
Outside of the dining room and I hope to avoid it and that this press release was not the issue then which the senator
Watch to say that he was calling all of its all so to speak
capitulating and turning over this investigation to the army
That's what you want me to do
No, sir. No, I don't want him let me be
Say
You say one more time. I was not trying to get
And the party is a situation I was not trying to get
And the party is called off the dogs. I was operating in the impression that I had all the previous week
The center of the party has the essentially concluded investigation
And when you concluded investigation and turned this back back to another agency
Sometime you got to do it
Well now if he had concluded is investigation
And you believe that you say why was it necessary to use a potty merer
Urgent along the little I didn't try him. I didn't urge him along and it wasn't necessary
That's just happened to be something that I did
Well why mister? I don't
If he had concluded is investigation was it necessary to do all the
And present to him all this
Releasing the deal to the press when you believe that it was then a fact to copy
It was a fact to essentially accomplish
Right if you know whether it would be accomplished on Tuesday or on Friday or on a week from Friday
The madam's best go back to the level if you will
If you served you use of secretary's season
That the season's higher apartment will start to rise from our
On further way the force is
Life is yes
And you use the secretary's season like yourself
Was a man of great pride
And a man of great pride in carrying out his assignment
And doing a good job you knew that
Yes a conscientious expert
I have never known more conscientious evidence in this yet
And you use the secretary when he passed her thing out in long time
That's in the independent agents
This collection is from the army
Because doing a part of the work that was primarily his duty
That in the sense is five of us hurt you
I did not
Did not
I never did it hurt you